I didn't save the emperor
I also worked hard to take care of the emperor
The emperor and I really love you, don't we?
Since you came back
Concubine Yuan and I felt that something was wrong with you
It's just that you haven't shown your feet
So I can only count
Cooperate with you to play a good show that leads snakes out of their holes
I just want to see who is behind you and you
It's just that I never imagined
The person behind him turned out to be you
After the father left
I let you learn
So that you can learn how to govern
I will let you learn to ride horses and archery
It's to make you stand out
In this capital city
The highest position is not so easy to do
If you can't govern the country
How can I give you the throne?
Pardon me?
You want to let me do the throne
It's impossible to be so high up
How could you give it to me so easily?
I really want to give you this throne to do
This is the highest right in your eyes
But in my eyes
It's just the shackles of life
It is also good in Beijing
Or southern Xinjiang
Your little moves
I know it all
As long as it doesn't harm the country
I can make concessions when it comes to me
Can let you do whatever you want
Just didn't expect